[Music]
but you go like that a little more in
a live performance, not up, okay?  If you
go to your mom's cell phone
, eh, if you go This is for Angel,
okay?  Lili, I don't know if this is a
new excerpt, huh?  Mom's phone
by that date and you're going up even further,
huh?  You see, Javi, give him
Carmen's answer.  Carmen has answered that.
Since there's nothing different from what I say
live, but not only with that.  You
'll be fine, Mr. Angel.  This is
another excerpt, undoubtedly, Lili.
This is going to be another excerpt and I have a feeling
the title and thumbnail are going to say
something like Peppa knew it was all a
lie.  Do you want to browse the
internet safely and also access
all the content on your
favorite platforms like Netflix, HBO Max, or Disney
Plus, CyberGhost, or VPN?  And I don't know if you
know this, but there's content that is
n't available in your country, and with this
little trick, you can access all the
content, wherever you are.  I don't know if you
know what a VPN is, but it's an
extension you add to your internet
that masks your IP.  And aside from
browsing completely safely and anonymously,
so no one can tell who you are or
where you are, it also lets you access
certain content that's blocked
in your country.  There are movies and series on
your favorite platforms that are not
available.  There are
television programs, for example, on Mediaset,
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain, they have a geoblock that
prevents you from doing so.  Well, with Cyberghost VPN that's
over.  In addition to being protected and
browsing anonymously, you'll be able to
access content from all over the
world.  Plus, you'll have
complete privacy, as it keeps your connection
private and protects your data, and
ultra-fast speeds eliminate lag in
any online game, so
you can enjoy live streaming without
interruptions.  And as I've already told you,
freedom to access all the
content on the planet, wherever and whenever
you want.  Plus, get an 83%
discount using the link
in the description of this video.  And be
careful, because you can try Cyberghost VPN for
45 days without obligation and if you're not
convinced, you can request a refund and
get your money back.  So don't wait
any longer to protect your connection and enhance
your internet experience.
Click the link in the description and
take advantage of this super offer.  Cyberghost
VPN for completely free and
secure browsing.  We continue with the video, but
go down a little further when I
start a live broadcast because I can't take it anymore and
I say, "It's this tiny, it's this, it
was this and it was that."  Hey, Mr.
Angel, go away and look at the message
your mother sent me.  Eh, in the
end, between the one and the other, they have
agreed with you on everything.  Look at the mirror.
But that's going to happen with all the
characters who fought with me and
all that stuff.  They're
going to kill each other because they
know they're defending each other,
protecting each other in this
union solely out of hatred for Javi
Oliveira.  Look, they all know what
Tania is, they all know what
Joan Plana is, they all know what
Loli is, they all know what
Trolly is, they all know what
Peppa is.  They protect each other because you
defend me from what no
one else will defend me from, and I defend you
even if I don't believe you.
My cats were being fed.  Ray, thank you very much.
I hope you got a little rest,
son.  Pepa, your inner light illuminates the
world.  Look how far you've brought us
all together here.  Well, I think the
one who's going to enlighten us tonight is going to
be Loli.  I'm telling you too, eh.  I think the
one who's going to light us up
tonight is Loli, but they know what they
are, but they're uniting in hatred, Jail Beir,
to see if we can all defeat him,
right?  And what's going on?  Because
when they fight among themselves, because they
fail each other, because they are what they are, they are not
proper people, they are not
people, right?  What's going on?
Because when they fight, they're going to say
to each other the same things that I've been
reporting to them.  When they
fight with Tania, they all go there to
tell Tania that her husband is a
pedophile, that Tania defended herself by lying
and all that nonsense.  Okay, when
they fight with the Troyan archer, they'll bring
out the Troyan archer, the
threats, the insults, the harassment and
all that nonsense.  When they argue with
Joan Plana, they'll accuse him
of going on Twitter with a girl
who took her own life.  to
sneer, huh?  He's a guy who's a
lot of things, isn't he?  That is, they
will throw among themselves the very things that they have
protected at another time.  Okay,
no more.  Go to the message and
see what your mother sent me.  Let's
see what her mother sees when she
tells me there's no need to give
explanations, because of course, people
would discover that she had been
making a fool of herself for 15 days with me
happy and without any problems on the other
side and she was crying and saying that she was
praying with her mother by her side, eh?
When there was no Pepagracocha, it's pretty or
not, what does it matter?  There is no evidence that Loli
wants to bring out and wants to tell.  I mean,
Loli is saying what I think she's
saying.  He's saying that Peppa,
of course she knew, that she didn't
believe it, that she was just making fun of
people so the fool could continue with his
serious nonsense.  Face blowing a kiss face
and crying with laughter.  Face crying
with laughter.  But are you realizing
the seriousness of this bomb?  I mean,
how the hell has this not been done?
viral today on Twitter.  I mean, this is what
Loli is saying, but of course, we have to
see what she's referring to, but
Loli is saying that Peppa, while she
was live on air telling
people, "Oh, I cried a lot, I'm really
worried about Loli," then they were
making fun of her.  Of course, and then
Peppa comes along and complains and wonders
why people don't donate to her.  Peppa,
people don't donate to you because people
know what you are.  People aren't going to
donate to you.  Of course they're going to donate to you.  And you have to
be an idiot.  You have to be an idiot
to keep donating.  I told you, says
Auri.  How strong, how strong.  What do
you say, Tesa?  But of course,
nobody has seen this, right?  Well, it has 3000
visits.  This, how the [ __ ], you haven't told me this
until now.  I mean,
Peppa has had the nerve to
talk about me today instead of talking about
this.  Peppa has had the
nerve to talk about me instead of
talking about this.  So she was
making fun of the very people who
trust her and she was laughing
at the people who were believing her
with the one they gave me.  I had to pray
for no one because I was
perfectly fine.  Oh, because I'm not like the
horny one looked.  Ha ha ha.  he
was making fun of his own
followers.  Look, I'm not surprised.  I
mean, I know this, but I'm surprised
that Loli is doing it like this.  That?
Come on, if you can, a quarter.  No,
no, the fourth one is not going to be possible.  Look,
we're down to 26. We're
down to 26. Of course, we miss
LOL.  Peppa is surprised that she doesn't get
donations.  Sure, but if Loli
is telling you that you've made fun of
it.  That is, if there was any doubt,
Loli comes out to confirm.  No, no,
no.  Peppa knew this was a
lie from both of them.  I can't
believe it, kid.  I can't believe it.
But how come you haven't told me this in the three
hours we've been live?  The other
day his mother, who we don't know if she was drinking
candy or wine, eh,
as Javier Oliveira told her, I think I do
n't know if her teeth have fallen out
or if she will have to have
them replaced again.  Hey, Angel, if you're
so good and such a good boy, why do
n't you tell your family that I once did
n't, didn't, didn't, Loli, come and tell us?  No, no,
no, no, no, no
, no.  It's a lot, this is too much.
How have we been here for 3 hours and you haven't
told me anything about this?  It was serious
when I made a mistake and wanted to
call back to rectify it.  And because I
came out like that and I apologized the
next day for having made a mistake with
that, especially since my father died from
that.  A [ __ ], a [ __ ], a [ __ ]
for Peppa's surgery.  No, no, no.  To
acne, how are you doing?  I did
n't know anything about acne either, right?  From what
I'm reading.  How is this going to be yesterday
and you haven't said anything until today?  But
what will the people who defended
these two say?  But what are the
people who defended these two going to say?  So,
Loli did get confused with that word
and used the word cancer, but it wasn't
cancer.  Wait, they're sending me
another clip.  And Loli wanted to contact
Peppa and get back on the channel.
Remind everyone that Peppa said
Loli had her own channel to express herself and
defend herself.  How shameless, Peppa.
You are a scoundrel.  Javi, the whole live show
is amazing.  Wow, the
whole live show lasts 3 hours and 15 minutes.
We'll see some other
clicks with the group tomorrow.  Tomorrow I'll go around,
okay?  Tomorrow I'll go around.  Holy [ __ ], you're a
scoundrel.  Peppa's channel that
Peppa said, "My channel, I'll give my
channel to Loli so Loli can defend herself."
And it turns out that Loli
called her and wanted to come out to rectify and
apologize because it wasn't cancer and
Peppa didn't allow it.  I was like, "Come on,
man. Let's see, wait, because here he is
telling me, well, Orusca, there's another
click. I knew everything when they told me
to do another x-ray. I
knew everything and now his son comes saying
that I tricked them. Man, the thing with
Javi is already bad enough, but you'll see, the
flight thing is beyond repair. But
this woman, this woman has
balls that you can't even imagine. Pepa, they
got you. They got you. They
got you, Peppa. They got you right with
this woman and her hair and her thing that I don't
even know what to call it. He's a demon. He's
a kid who says, "Come on, come on, let's go, you
greenhorns." But, how do you see that crazy woman?
How do you see that sweetheart who could
n't be understood the other day
? Because the only thing, uh, uh, is that the
captain put audios and she's going to play them
all. What are you telling me,  Mercedes?
Why didn't you tell me this?
Why would Peppa start messing
with Loli knowing she's talked about this
with Lol? Are you kidding me?  But
what the [ __ ], Cesa, but you did know
and you haven't told me anything.  If
you want, but this is a lot.  I'll
put it to you.  If you say no, I'll put it on for you if you want
, okay?  There's the aunt who's
waiting for
someone other than the doctor to prescribe her medication because the
doctor doesn't give her all the medicine she
wants.  What's up, Angel?  Now what?
I can't believe it, kid.  I
mean,
[ __ ], [ __ ].  Peppa, it's not me, but
J, I call you a scoundrel.  Oh, that
loli is bad.  Haven't you gone too
far?  You don't want to, you don't want to
fart.  Little fart.  Let's
fart.  Are you going to call
my family's nanny?  My family has more
balls than you.  The worst thing they did and
Loli will pay the consequences.  And
your whole damn generation, Angelito,
since you, your mother, your
brother, and your uncle are still sucking on
grandma's teat.  Okay, and speaking of
everything, Mr. Angelito, Mr. Angelito, if
you've already gone to live with your girlfriend,
how do you buy one of those that cost
6,000, put it aside, and buy another one
for 3,000 to put it in the same place.
Please explain something, sir.  Explain
something about your life, which is the only one your
mother knows how to sell.  His life, the only thing he
knows how to do, sell his life and his pain,
okay?  Because during the day it's only good for that.
At night, at night he is more
alert.  At night, the candies already
give him energy.  What you meant, what you
meant, family.  At
night, the candies already give him energy.
But explain to yourself how I lied to
your mother or someone else.  Yes, it's on your
mobile, just pick
it up and we'll put it here.  And
we're going to put it here, Mr. Angel.  And if he
wants to go straight at me, I'm going to
give a [ __ ].  I don't give a damn, Mr. Angel.  If you
want to throw me the video, I'll
put it up with everything, with everything.  When her
mother says, "Loli, come on, tell me something,
I'm fine, are you sure?"  Well yes,
I'm eating.  Let me eat, aunt.
Heavy.  She put it there.  He put that one.  That,
she put that one.  Hello, Susana Ruiz.
Good afternoon, family.  Of course, let's see,
Peppa hasn't done a live show since this
Loli live show.  The live broadcast, what
we've seen of Peppa is from yesterday.
Of course, Peppa hasn't done a live broadcast
yet about what Loli did.
He's trying to see what
people are saying.  It's a lot, it's a lot, huh?  It's
a lot.  Braakir youtuber.  Woman with
hand on forehead, face crying with
laughter.  It's 3 hours, go on and I'll hit you with the
loli, okay?  It's 3 hours.
Hit me, okay?  God, Pepa.  Punto wants some
[ __ ].  But it's a lot, huh?  It's only
3 hours, man, that's a lot, man.
The audios that I sent to your mother
about the 240 so that it's
clear, eh, that just because the paca
dyed her that day, eh, came
to dye her that day, does she have to
suffer so much amnesia?  There's no need to
suffer so much amnesia.  And if you look at yourself a
little bit, just a little bit, just a little bit
, eh?  A little bit, huh?  Captain, what does
QX say about Pepa being a madam at night?
That's what he said.  I don't believe that anymore,
huh?  I don't believe that anymore.  Look,
we're not going to believe everything
LOL says either.  We'll believe what he
teaches, right?  Eh, all I can say is
that some people were right.  I just want to
say that there was someone here who was
right.  Oh, again.
Wait, I'm in 2023. I got it
because I was interested in what you were
saying because since it doesn't reach him,
it doesn't matter to you and it doesn't matter to me.  In the end.
Well, Loli, darling, if this is something you should pay
attention to, ask for peace in
the Uy, but there is a very good one.
Wait, there's one, there's one who's
Oh, my goodness, what a fact.  Thank
goodness he's here again.  How strong
Peppa's new friends,
Re Electra and Asoki, were now.  AOC will defend her.
Ah, well, the whole troop.
Damn, but man, the [ __ ] they
threw at me, huh?  The [ __ ]
everyone who defended these people threw at me,
huh?  But it was crystal clear,
man.  Alne says.  Okay, Loli,
explain to me why you haven't said this for
over a year.  You are made for each other.
You have covered up very serious things out of hatred
for us.  Ha, but of course, it's not
that they've covered it up, it's that Loli, I mean,
come on, Loli, repeat after me.  Javi was
right.  I mean, let's see if I understand
the situation as I'm interpreting it
and see if you agree.  Okay,
we've been... well, we've
been reporting Peppa since the moment we
kicked her out, we kicked her out of here, and
not only that, but she's caused me
a lot of problems with other people, you
know what I mean?  Because he's been contacting
anyone, eh, it's cost me a
lot of, well, anyway, I'm not going to
get into that, okay?  Hey, maybe they've also gotten
close to the seed or whoever got
together with the seed, you know?  It's her thing,
but it's true that she has
brought me a lot of shitty
defamation, two years of harassing me, you
know?  And it turns out that one of the
most serious things he did was to use
a Loli's cancer, a
crocodile bombardino, a supposed kiss, a
supposed Loli's cancer to insult
me, to attack me, to throw me out, to
try to turn people against me.
Okay.  And it turns out to be that I understand it
correctly.  A kiss.  A kiss.  Let's see if I
get this right.  So, the point here
is that Loli didn't invent
cancer.  That is, the question here could
be that perhaps Loli did have cancer in the past
, but it was very old or her
family had it.  What's going on?  I'll explain
this to you.  Pay attention to this.  Torrijas and
chocolate for Peppa for the week.  A
kiss.  A kiss.  Hey, nine more to go until the
fourth challenge, huh?  Let's see, what
I think is happening here is the
following.  Let's see if you interpret it the
same way I do.  Um, Lolly hasn't had
this cancer, but it's likely that she
or someone in her family has had it way back in the past
.  So what's up?
When Loli is found to have one of these
benign tumors, which is called, okay?, a
benign tumor, well, what they do is
remove the piece or cut out the little piece,
maybe whatever it is, I don't know.  Okay, just in
case.  Because?  Well, because
you have a family history or
whatever, that happens, right?  So maybe that's where
the shots and the mixture
of lies they've made are going.  So the
thing is that Loli on live with Peppa
calls it cancer, which is that famous
live show where Peppa says, "You
know what she said. You know what
you said, Loli. You know what you
said here. We've had a really bad time. We've had a
really bad time. And then Loli
when she sits down quietly to watch the
live shows, how powerful. Pepa is a
disgrace. When Loli sits down
quietly to watch the live shows, she says,
"Hey, Peppa, we said I have
cancer and I don't have cancer.
They've taken something from me that they're going to
take away from me just in case.  I'm going to go in
tomorrow, I'm going to go in tomorrow and I'm going to
say that I don't have any cancer." And
then Peppa says, "No, no, just leave it
like that and we'll move on with this."
But of course, they've both been participating
in the lie for a year and a half, right?
To throw [ __ ] at me, right? No,
Javi, she didn't have anything.
Loli's sister had cancer. So maybe
having a family
history of it, well, that's why hm, you
get checkups and stuff. I mean, that
happens. If there's colon cancer in a family
, well, it's very common that when they
do colon checkups and
stuff. I mean, I don't know. Okay, but
we'll hear what they keep
telling each other. But anyway, if this
is how Loli is telling it, it's
outrageous, right? Because on top of that, Loli
tried to come out and deny it the
next day that she didn't have cancer and Peppa wouldn't
let her so she could continue throwing [ __ ] at us
using a disease that didn't
exist. Karime, she
has something going on somewhere.  that the cancer thing comes out, huh?  That
is, the invention has to come from somewhere
.  Or because a relative had it
and then what Loli did
was live, telling the story of a
relative as if she were the
protagonist.  Or it's true that he had
a check-up for something, they did a
biopsy and from there they made up the story
to throw [ __ ] at me.  Okay, but
well, since they are made for each other, well, go ahead and
know what the real story is.
But come on, it's very strong, huh?  It's
mind-blowing, kid.  The Ray of Light, but
not just the Ray of Light.  What a
shock from Rayito de Luz to Peppa.
Piece of Rayito's discharge.  Yes, but it's
not just Rayito, man.
Remember those clicks we saw the
other day, man.  Remember these clicks,
man.  He says, "Now I won't know when he's
coming to slap me four times."
Well Rae, no, but not this one.  Not this one.
This one, this one is worse because she used LH
to charge at her supposed
adversaries previously excited and
then say that you can't respond
because she's sick, who is left in a bad
place.  No, what we have done is not tremendous
.  The internet is tremendous.
Look at this, man.  Watch this clip.
This, eh, because I love Loli and what
do I do if I love her and see her for a month and another
month and another month and when it seems to me that
everything is calm that she was going to come in the
summer to see my Alberto sing for
us.  Phew!  You don't play with that, how
disgusting.  Life deals her another setback and the
woman with two balls once again teaches
many of us a lesson and
rises again, re-emerges from herself.  And that
's where the bad people get her again
.  And they start saying "
pom" and bringing Loli because, of course,
we're not in your shoes.  This story is
real, huh?  What I'm telling you today is
real.  I don't care about the likes, I don't care about
the curtains there are, but it's real.   Just
when it seemed like everything was okay, they
say again, "Hey, this."  And the
girl with two balls, "He's giving me a
life lesson. To each his own."  And it rises
again from itself.  But
all the people were pom.
what he's done, huh, man?  Well, what he's
done is another of the things he's
done, right?  Look, here's one that
sends me, eh, from Tesa.  Well yes, if
I look at it closely, eh, it's
true that I found out everything from her.  If we
look at it like this,
[Music]
mm, eh, eh, eh, well, the warriors
who are real, then there are about 15 or
20 that are bloodthirsty.  Seo and the
only one, the only one, I loved the lolin so much
while I was giving you.  Then he
left and the terrible thing began.  The only one who has what is
done
at Telesar Arceo in their blood and what you see at
Teledo they carry out.  If
you go to the comments box right now, you'll see
that your community is the only scum and
garbage.  30 people from your community, not
your entire community.  But there are people
who have neither dignity nor shame.
One of them is Pana.  Okay.  Uh, the
little pisiana, people.  Come on,
the challenge is almost over.  There are three left for the
challenge.  You've
really eaten four challenges.  I mean, I had
something else to react to, which is Peppa's
new Loli orchard, because Peppa
has a new one, a new Loliuerta to
insult, to defame, and I, I think
that this new Loli orchard that she has, uh,
this new Loliuerta that Peppa has
now, which is Red, that she takes him,
takes him to her channel so that he can start
insulting me, insulting me, accusing me of a
crime, this is where Pepa is going to be where I'm going to
catch you to sue you, because you
're on your channel every afternoon
letting this guy accuse me of the crime of
harassing a minor, accuse you of a crime. Oh,
let him get on, Peppa, that's where I'm
going to catch you, because I was hoping you would
throw my leg out and you're
doing it, you know?  Fabric.
[Music]